The Project Gutenberg eBook of Chambers's Journal of Popular
Literature, Science, and Art, Fifth Series, No. 26, Vol. I, June 28,
1884, by Various 

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms
of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at
www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the United States, you
will have to check the laws of the country where you are located before
using this eBook.

Title: Chambers's Journal of Popular Literature, Science, and Art, Fifth
       Series, No. 26, Vol. I, June 28, 1884

Author: Various 

Release Date: July 12, 2021 [eBook #65828]

Language: English

Produced by: Susan Skinner, Eric Hutton and the Online Distributed
             Proofreading Team at https://www.pgdp.net (This file was
             produced from images generously made available by The
             Internet Archive)

*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK CHAMBERS'S JOURNAL OF POPULAR
LITERATURE, SCIENCE, AND ART, FIFTH SERIES, NO. 26, VOL. I, JUNE 28,
1884 ***





[Illustration:

CHAMBERS’S JOURNAL

OF

POPULAR

LITERATURE, SCIENCE, AND ART

Fifth Series

ESTABLISHED BY WILLIAM AND ROBERT CHAMBERS, 1832

CONDUCTED BY R. CHAMBERS (SECUNDUS)

NO. 26.—VOL. I.      SATURDAY, JUNE 28, 1884.      PRICE 1½_d._]




OUR HEALTH.

BY DR ANDREW WILSON, F.R.S.E.


III. SOME FOOD-DANGERS, AND HOW TO AVOID THEM.

In connection with the subject of food and health, an important topic
naturally intervenes in the course of such discussion, in the shape
of the relation which impure foods bear to the production of illness
and disease. Pure air and pure water are required by natural and
common consent as necessities of existence; but the purity of the food
we consume is no less a paramount condition of physical well-being.
Food-impurities may be ranked under diverse heads. Adulteration
of foods is thus a common cause of illness. The food, rendered of
poor quality, does not contain the necessary amount of nutritious
material; or it may impart disease from its being impregnated with
matters foreign to its composition, and which have been added thereto
for purposes of unfair trade-profit. For example, when one hears
of alum and sulphate of copper being added to bread, it is evident
that a serious form of adulteration is thus practised; while equally
reprehensible modes of procedure are known to be in vogue when flour is
treated so as to yield more than its legitimate quantity of bread; when
rice, potatoes, and other starchy matters are added to the bread in the
course of manufacture; or when flour of damaged or inferior quality
is used. Similarly, when milk is adulterated with water, treacle,
turmeric, and so forth, a cause of ill-health is clearly discovered. If
tea be ‘faced’ with black-lead, or with Prussian-blue, turmeric, and
China clay, there can be no question of the fraudulent and dangerous
nature of such a practice; and when we read of preserved green peas
being largely adulterated with sulphate of copper, and that a one-pound
tin of green peas has been found to contain two and a half grains of
this poisonous compound, it becomes evident that legislation directed
against this worst of frauds—food-adulteration—is both necessary and
highly requisite as an active feature of social law.

Into questions connected with the adulteration of food, we need not
enter. Such topics necessarily belong to the sphere of the analytical
chemist and of the sanitary inspector. Where adulteration is suspected,
the wisest course for the public to pursue is carefully to note the
place and date of purchase of the suspected article—full evidence on
this head is necessary—and to supply the sanitary authorities of the
town or district with a sample of the substance in question. This
clue will be followed up independently by the authorities; and if
adulteration be present, means will be taken to substantiate the charge
and to prosecute offenders. There should be no leniency shown where
cases of food-adulteration can be satisfactorily proved. Such practices
form the worst of all frauds; they involve not merely commercial
dishonesty, but include fraud against the health and well-being of the
community and nation at large.

Other forms of food-impurity are well known, and demand attention
from the public; inasmuch as, by the exercise of ordinary knowledge,
many of these latter dangers to health may be avoided. Of impurities
in water, we shall treat hereafter; hence nothing need be said at
present regarding this class of food-dangers. Our milk-supply and
our meat-supply, however, are matters over which every householder
may and should exercise supervision. Special dangers attach, for
example, to the incautious treatment of milk. If milk is suspected to
be adulterated, or of poor quality, the determination of the error or
fraud is a matter of scientific examination; and with regard to the
detection of milk-dangers, arising from disease-contagion, the same
remark holds good. It is indeed unfortunate that the first information
we usually receive regarding a milk-supply which is thoroughly impure
or hurtful, is derived from the effects of such diseased matter on
the human frame. In this case, we are unfortunately able only to
prevent the spread of an epidemic of disease—the prevention of the
epidemic itself is impossible, save, indeed, by the vigilance of the
dairyman or farmer in keeping the milk he sells free from all source
of contamination. Epidemics of typhoid fever, for instance, are, as
a rule, only made known by the occurrence of a series of cases in a
given district. On being traced out, these cases are usually found to
have been supplied with milk from one and the same source. When the
surroundings of the dairy or farm are inspected, sewage-contamination
is usually found. Leakage of drains into a water-supply is a common
occurrence; and as this infected water is used in cleansing the
milk-vessels, the origin of the epidemic is clearly enough accounted
for. In some cases, dairies have been found to be constructed in a
thoroughly insanitary manner, and cleanliness—the first condition
where milk is concerned—is by no means always observed. The remedy for
these errors and negligences in connection with this all-important
article of diet, lies in one direction only—namely, a system of rigid
and continuous dairy inspection. Such inspection is never complained
of by those tradesmen who take a pride in their occupation, and who
endeavour, by ordinary attention to business, to secure the purity of
the milk they sell. It might be added also, that if other articles
of food are duly liable to official examination, and if the articles
sold by grocer and butcher are duly supervised and examined, there is
no reason why the premises of the dairyman should not be similarly
inspected. We do not, as a rule, contract serious illness from impure
coffee, or even from a poor quality of butcher-meat; but a dirty dairy
and an infected milk-supply may, in a single day, sow the germs of a
fever which may prostrate a village or community, and entail all the
misery and hardship which serious illness inevitably carries in its
train.

The domestic care of milk is a second topic to which the attention of
the householder should be directed. It cannot be too clearly borne in
mind that milk, of all fluids, is singularly apt to absorb deleterious
matters. Sewage-emanations and other gases, paint, metallic matters,
&c., are all readily taken up by milk. Hence the absolute necessity
for seeing that when milk is received into our homes, it is stored in
a safe and sanitary position. Milk should never be stored in metallic
vessels in the first place; and it should not be kept in cupboards or
other receptacles which are situated in the neighbourhood of sinks,
closets, or open drains. Too frequently, such carelessness in the
home-treatment of the milk-supply leads to illness, which is all the
more serious, because its origin is unsuspected.

With regard to the liability of milk, taken from cows suffering from
various diseases, to produce illness in man, many and varied opinions
exist. A general rule, and one in the observance of which great safety
exists, is, that milk from an animal in any way affected with disease
should never be sold to the public. Where uncertainty exists, it is a
matter of sheer common-sense to err on the safe side, and to incur no
risk whatever. It is only fair to add, that milk from cows suffering
from ‘foot-and-mouth’ disease has been consumed in many cases without
injury resulting. But opposed to this fact, we find cases in which
the use of such milk has been followed by throat-ailments and other
troubles in man. The milk of over-driven cows—‘heated milk,’ as it is
called—has been known to produce colic and diarrhœa in children. It
is also probable that while some persons in robust health may escape,
others are liable to be affected by milk taken from diseased animals.
Pigs to which the milk of cows, ill with ‘foot-and-mouth’ disease,
has been given, are seized with that disease in a few hours. The safe
rule, therefore, appears to be that already mentioned. If a cow is
affected with any disorder or disease, the milk of the animal should
not be consumed by man. Only by attention to this rule can outbreaks of
disease in man be avoided, and the public safety fully secured.

The flesh of animals is liable to acquire under certain conditions
diseased properties. Hence, it is necessary that we should be on our
guard against such sources of illness. Thus, certain fevers to which
pigs, sheep, and cattle are subject render their flesh unfit for human
food; and there are certain parasites inhabiting the flesh of fish
which may also be productive of disease when the meat in question has
been eaten by man.

Good meat in a fresh state should be firm and elastic to the touch.
The characteristic odour of fresh meat should be present, and the
meat-tissue should be dry, or at the most merely moist. The appearance
of good meat is marbled, and its action on blue litmus-paper is
acid—that is, it turns the blue paper to a red colour. Bad meat, on the
other hand, is usually extremely moist, or even wet; it has a sodden
feel, and the presence of dark spots in the fat is a suspicious sign.
The marrow of the bones, instead of being light red in colour, as in
fresh meat, is brown-tinted, and often shows black spots. Tested by
litmus-paper, bad meat is either neutral or alkaline, and turns red
litmus-paper to blue, or does not alter either red or blue test papers.
The odour of bad meat is highly distinctive; and its colour, as a rule,
is suspiciously dark.

Regarding those animal-diseases which are believed to unfit the flesh
for human use, considerable diversity of opinion exists. For example,
the flesh of animals suffering from _pleuro-pneumonia_ is regarded,
almost universally, as unfit for consumption; although opinions exist
which regard such flesh as harmless. Here, as in the case of milk,
already alluded to, it is probable diversity of opinion arises from the
different conditions under which the results of eating such flesh have
been studied. In some cases, it is true, no evil results have accrued
from this practice; Loiset showing that during nineteen years, at least
eighteen thousand oxen suffering from pleuro-pneumonia were killed and
used in Lyons, as food, without any known evil results. But it should
be remembered that the disease has its advanced as well as its initial
stages; and in any case the opinions expressed with regard to the
harmless character of the flesh, can only apply to cases in which the
animals have been killed in an early phase of the disorder. The disease
known as ‘braxy’ in sheep presents a similar conflict of opinions. Over
fifty per cent. of young sheep in Scotland are stated by Mr Cowan in
his Essay (1863) to perish from this disease. The disorder is a fever,
attended by very characteristic symptoms; but ‘braxy mutton’ is eaten
nevertheless by Scottish shepherds with impunity—although an important
precaution is observed in this case by steeping the mutton in brine for
six or eight weeks, and then drying it. The chief danger which appears
to arise in man from the use of diseased meat is the development of
blood-disorders and of blood-poisoning. ‘Carbuncular disease’ has
increased in Scotland since 1842, when pleuro-pneumonia first appeared;
and this affection has apparently increased since lung-diseases in
animals have become common. On the whole, then, it may be urged that
even with opinions of weight which allege the harmless character,
in certain cases, of the flesh of diseased animals, there are risks
involved which make the rule, that meat under such circumstances should
be rejected, a highly safe and commendable practice both for public and
trade attention.

In the case of the _parasites_ which may affect meat under certain
circumstances, there is fortunately no diversity of opinion to be
encountered. The question of ‘braxy mutton’ may be debatable; in that
of meat infested with parasites, no argument is permissible. All
parasitic animals are liable to induce disease of more or less serious
character in man; hence, if meat can be proved to be so infested, it
should be summarily rejected.

The most common parasites which man is liable to acquire from flesh of
various kinds are certainly _tapeworms_, which have been frequently
described, and the dangers from which are well known. More serious in
its nature is the _Trichina spiralis_, a minute worm, found chiefly in
the muscles of the pig. This worm, if eaten by man with pork, develops
with great rapidity within the human digestive system, and produces
enormous numbers of young, which, boring their way through the tissues
to the muscles of the patient, cause serious and often fatal illness.
Once in the muscles, no further change ensues to the worms, which
simply degenerate into mere specks of lime. It is this _trichina_
which produces the disease known as _trichinosis_. Fatal epidemics of
this disease are not uncommon on the continent, especially where the
unsanitary practice of eating uncooked or dried sausages is greatly in
vogue.

Regarding the prevention of the diseases caused by parasites, one
stringent rule should be invariably kept in mind—namely, that all
flesh-meat should be _thoroughly cooked_ before it is consumed. The
practice of eating underdone meat and smoked provisions is attended
with great danger. A degree of heat sufficient to cook meat thoroughly,
may, as a rule, be trusted to destroy parasitic life which the flesh
may contain—although, of course, no one would sanction the employment
as food of any meat known to be parasitically infested. To this
necessary precaution may be added the advice, that drinking-water
should never be taken from ponds, lakes, canals, or rivers in which
vegetable matter grows freely, as such water is liable to contain
parasitic germs; and all vegetables used for food, and especially
those used raw—as in the case of salads—should be thoroughly washed
before use. Our dogs being liable to harbour certain forms of internal
parasites highly injurious to man, should also have their health and
feeding inspected and supervised. And it may be lastly mentioned, by
way of encouragement in sanitary reform, and in the care and selection
of our flesh-foods, that as far back as the reign of Henry III. the
desirability of securing meat free from parasites was clearly known.
In the reign of that monarch, butchers who were convicted of selling
‘measly pork’ were sentenced to exposure in the pillory as a punishment
for their misdeeds.




BY MEAD AND STREAM.


CHAPTER XXXV.—THE MAID WAS IN THE GARDEN.

Madge was glad that it was in her power to comfort Philip, most glad,
because, in spite of the relief which he found in her presence, a vague
fear was beginning to creep into her mind that somehow this power was
slowly weakening. Was it his fault or hers? Was it the knowledge that
the confidence which they had desired to keep perfect between them
was no longer perfect? Was it the knowledge that she had accepted a
secret which could not be shared with him that, disturbing her mind,
suggested changes in him which had no existence? Maybe, maybe, and yet
... relieved as he had been for a little while, there was no mistake,
there was no mistake about the weary look in his eyes when he was going
away, or about his nervously lingering manner of saying ‘Good-night,’
as if he were afraid to leave her, lest the bogeys which had arisen in
his path should seize upon him the moment he should be alone.

She had many bitter reflections that night before she went to sleep:
first, about the position in which she was placed against her will; and
next about the customs which allowed a woman so few opportunities to
give practical assistance to the man she loved. If he had been only a
labourer and she a washerwoman, then she could have been of some real
value to him. As it was, she must stay at home, await his coming when
the struggle was over, give him sympathy when he was in difficulty, and
nurse him when he was sick. That was all. She wanted to be by his side
in the heat of the struggle, helping him with hands and head as well as
heart. She wished that his enterprise had assumed some other form than
its present one, so that she might have had a full share in the actual
work of it. To her it was absurd that, because she wore petticoats and
happened to be above the necessity to earn a living, she should be
excluded from his office, or go to it under the penalty of bringing
ridicule upon him. She knew how many times in those weary chambers, and
in that weary office during this period of worry and disappointment, he
must long for her to cheer and steady him as only she could do.

As for Wrentham, she had not much faith in him, although, having no
specific charge to make against him, and aware of Philip’s confidence
in him, she remained silent. She could only have said: ‘I do not
like him;’ and Philip would have laughed at her, or chid her for
being ungracious to his friend. She had not forgiven Wrentham for the
accident with the horse; and she was not yet satisfied about it, for
she could not forget what Uncle Dick had said in his passion.

‘If I wanted to kill anybody, do you know what I’d do?—that is,
supposing I could go about it in cold blood. Well, I’d keep a
mettlesome mare in the stable for three or four days, feed her high,
and then ask the man I wanted to hurt to take a ride on her. Five
hundred to one but he’d come back in a worse plight than Philip did.
And that’s what I’d have said the man was trying on, if they hadn’t
been such close friends.’

Uncle Dick did not repeat this angry exclamation; but Madge could not
forget it, and the remembrance of it made her this night the more
discontented that she could not be always with Philip during the ordeal
through which he was passing.

However, there was one way in which she might render him practical
assistance; that was, by setting Caleb Kersey’s mind at ease, and so
enabling him to serve his master with a light heart, which is always a
brave one. She had delayed speaking to Sam Culver until she could tell
him that Caleb was not only working steadily but was successful, and
could offer Pansy a comfortable home. She would not wait any longer:
she would speak to them both in the morning. That thought helped her to
sleep. For the time, the more serious business which she had to do with
Mr Hadleigh held only a distant place in her mind.

       *       *       *       *       *

Caleb had not been making progress in his wooing, and when he became
aware of that fact, he grew discontented with the nature of things in
general and especially with himself. The discontent with the condition
of his fellow-labourers which had earned for him an ill repute amongst
the farmers, had some grains of reason in it. There was no doubt that
the majority of the labourers had large families and scant fare; that
their cottages were in many instances examples of the deplorable state
of ruin into which roof and walls may fall and still be reckoned fit
for human habitation; whilst in harvest-time, when there was an influx
of labouring men, women, and children from the large towns and from
Ireland, the lodging arrangements were disreputable. But in the present
case, he could discover no reason to justify his discontent, and that
made him feel bad.

He had never been a regular churchgoer, and for some time he had
ceased going altogether; but lately he had become so punctual in his
attendance, that the beadle-sexton, the clerk, with old Jerry and young
Jerry Mogridge, had held more than one consultation on the subject in
the taproom of the _Cherry Tree_. They shook their heads very wisely,
and thought that there must be something wrong about this sudden
conversion. But the vicar, who had as quick an eye for every face in
his congregation as the thorough shepherd has for every sheep in his
flock, was pleased, and concluded that there was some good spirit at
work in the Agitator’s mind. He would not speak to him yet. He knew how
easily a hesitating sheep may be frightened away by over-zeal on the
part of the shepherd. He would wait until the man felt quite at his
ease.

So, in a distant corner of the church, Caleb sat Sunday after Sunday,
his eyes fixed on the back of Pansy’s hat, and brightening when any of
her movements enabled him to catch a glimpse of her face. At first he
merely dawdled along the road in the wake of Pansy and her father on
their way home, until they entered the gates of Ringsford. There it
was Sam’s custom to halt and gossip with the gatekeeper; whilst Pansy
hastened home by a bypath through the trees, in order to have dinner
ready for her father. Then Caleb, by hurrying to the home-field and
crossing it, would catch another glimpse of her before she entered the
cottage.

He was ashamed of dogging their steps in this fashion, and could
not help himself. Several times he made up his mind to speak to the
gardener, and find some excuse for walking along with them; but he
could not yet muster courage to grasp so much joy, although it was well
within his reach. One bright day, however, he was as usual standing in
the porch to see Pansy as she went out, and receive from her as usual a
bashful glance and timid smile, which made the food he lived on for the
week, when he was almost startled by her father speaking to him:

‘Come up the road a bit wi’ us, Kersey, if you have naething better
ado.’

Caleb muttered that he was ready, and muttered still more awkwardly to
Pansy that he hoped he saw her quite well.

‘Quite well, thank you,’ was the demure reply; and there was no further
conversation.

She took her place on one side of her father, Caleb walked on the
other. But she was there quite close to him, and—although decidedly ill
at ease—he began to feel a degree of content which he had not known for
many days.

The gardener had been amongst those who had observed Caleb’s conversion
in the matter of church attendance, and being already sensible of the
young man’s intelligent appreciation of his flowers, he was willing to
credit him with having turned over a new leaf, and had charitably set
aside his doubts of him.

‘Man, Kersey,’ said Sam, as soon as they were free from the crowd, ‘I
have got one of the bonniest geraaniums that ever mortal set een on,
and I want you to see it for yoursel’. I wouldna have asked you to come
on the Sabbath, if it hadna been that I can never get sight of you on a
week-day noo.’

‘I don’t suppose there can be any harm in looking at the flower,’
said Caleb, restraining the much more decided opinion he would have
expressed on the subject if Pansy had not been there, or if he had been
able to guess what she might have thought of it. One strong principle
of his creed was that the more beautiful things men look at, the more
refined their natures will become, and that for this purpose Sunday was
the most appropriate day.

‘That’s just my opinion,’ was the satisfied comment of the gardener;
‘and I wonder you that’s fond o’ flowers, dinna take to studying them
in earnest. Do you know anything at all about botany?’

‘Nothing,’ was the honest and regretful reply, for it was not easy to
confess absolute ignorance in her presence.

‘Then you’ll just have to come whiles to see me, and I’ll learn
you something about it. You will have to come especially in the
spring-time; and it’s wonderful how soon you’ll find a real pleasure in
it—especially in the geraaniums.’

In this way Caleb became a prospective pupil of the gardener, and after
this he walked home with the father and daughter every Sunday. And
Pansy became more and more shy in his presence, and blushed more deeply
at his coming; whilst his heart swelled and throbbed, and the words he
wanted to speak played tantalisingly about his tongue, but found no
voice. By-and-by there was a curious change in Pansy. Her shyness and
her blushes disappeared: she spoke to him in much the same manner as
she did to Jacob Cone or Jerry Mogridge or any of the other men about
the place. At first he was disposed to be pleased with the change,
for it seemed to make him more at home when he visited the cottage.
Presently he began to fancy that she tried to keep out of his way, and
he did not understand it. Then one day she had a basket of flowers to
take up to the house for the young ladies, and Caleb accompanied her.
As they neared the house, he surrendered the basket to her, and he had
only done so when they met Coutts.

‘Ah, early birds!’ he said, with his cynical smile; ‘good-morning.—Will
you give me a flower for my button-hole, Pansy?—Thank you. That is a
very pretty one—it will make me think of you all day.’

He passed on, and Pansy was blushing as she used to do when Caleb spoke
to her.

Caleb drew a long breath, and with it inhaled the poison which
distorted all his thoughts. He spoke no word; but the gloom which fell
upon him spoiled him for work, and checked his visits to the cottage
until he heard that warning cry from Philip:

‘Trust her, man; trust her. That is the way to be worthy of a worthy
woman.’

The words seemed to rouse him from a wretched nightmare and to clear
his eyes and head. The words kept ringing in his ears, and when he
peered through the black span which lay between this day and the one on
which Pansy gave Coutts Hadleigh the flower, he felt that the darkness
was due to films on his own eyes, not to change in the atmosphere.

He straightened his shoulders and raised his head: he was able to look
his future in the face again.

‘I will trust her,’ he said to himself bravely. When he went to Gray’s
Inn in obedience to his master’s instructions, he had only to say:
‘Thank you, sir; you have done me a deal of good, and I’ll do what you
tell me.’

‘Spoken like the sensible fellow I always believed you to be,’ rejoined
Philip, much relieved. He would have rejoiced, but he was at the time
too much distracted by his own affairs to be able to feel elated by
anything. ‘There will be no more sulks, then, no more losing heart and
seeing mountains in molehills?’

‘I hope not.’

‘That’s right; and ... look here, Caleb. I have a notion, from
something you said, that I know the man you have been worrying yourself
about. Take my word for it, if my guess is right, he is much too
cautious a fellow—to put it on no higher ground—and too careful of
himself, to be a poacher. He likes a joke, though; and if I were you,
I would not let him see that he was making me uneasy. You understand—he
might for the fun of the thing get up some hoax.’

Caleb thought he understood, and at anyrate the main point was quite
clear to him—he was to trust her. And he kept faith with himself in
that respect. Whenever she seemed cold to him, he blamed himself for
bothering her at the wrong time. She had other things to take up her
attention—all the work of the cottage, many odd jobs to do for her
father, besides the hens to look after and their eggs to gather for
the breakfast-table of the Manor. When she seemed to be trying to keep
out of his way, he set it down to the fact that she had something
particular to do. He found excuses for every change, real or imaginary,
that had come over her manner of treating him. Come what might of it,
he would trust her.

Then there was a bright forenoon on which Philip sent him out to
Ringsford to fetch a small box, and he had an hour to spare before he
had to start for his return train. So he went over to the cottage. The
sun was gleaming whitely on the little green in front, and the grass
was sparkling with frozen dewdrops. There was Pansy—eyes in their
brightness rivalling the flashing dewdrops, cheeks aglow with healthful
exercise, and sleeves tucked up above the elbows—hanging out the
clothes she had just taken from the tub.

Caleb halted at the corner of the green. He had never in this world
seen anything so graceful as that lithe figure moving actively about in
the clear sunlight casting the clothes over the lines, now reaching up
on tiptoe to place a peg in some high place, and again whipping up her
basket and marching farther along with it.

She had covered one long line and taken a clothes-pole to raise it.
That was a feat of strength, and Caleb sprang to her side.

‘Let me do that for you, Pansy.’

‘Gracious!’ was the startled exclamation; and at the same moment he
planted the pole upright, the clothes thus forming a screen between
them and the vine-house where Sam Culver was at work.

‘You didn’t expect to see me here at this time of day,’ he said,
laughing, but already beginning to feel awkward, and looking everywhere
except where he most desired to look—in her face. ‘I had to come down
for this box; and as there was time enough, I thought I’d come round
this way.’

She laughed a little, too, at her scare, and then began to hang out
more clothes on another line as hastily as if she had not a minute to
spare. He looked on, his eyes glancing away whenever she turned towards
him. She also began to feel a little awkward, and somehow she did not
fasten the pegs on the line with such deft firmness as she had done
before he made his presence known.

‘Father is in the vine-house,’ she said by-and-by, compelled to seek
relief by saying something.

‘I wish you would let me do something for you,’ was his inconsequent
reply.

‘Something for me!’

‘Yes, carry the basket—anything.’

‘The basket is empty, and I have to go back to the washhouse.’

‘I will go with you.’

‘But there is nothing to do except wring out the clothes.’

‘Let me help you with that.’

‘Pretty work it would be for you!’ This with a nervous little laugh,
which she evidently intended to convey an impression of good-natured
ridicule.

‘It doesn’t matter what it is, so being it is for you.’

She stooped quickly, seizing one handle of the basket; he took the
other, and they lifted it between them. He looked straight in her face
now, and he fancied that the colour faded from her cheeks.

‘Father is in the vine-house,’ she repeated, looking in another
direction.

‘I want to tell you something, Pansy.’ He was a little husky, and
unconsciously moved the basket to and fro.

She knew what he wanted to tell her, and she did not want to hear—at
least not then.

‘I can’t stay—I must run in now.’ She tried to take the basket from him.

‘Don’t go yet. I made up my mind to tell you when I was standing over
there looking at you. I was meaning to do it many a time afore, but
just when I was ready, you always got out of my way, and I couldn’t say
it when you came back.’

‘I wish you’d let me go. I don’t want to hear anything—I’m in a hurry.
Won’t father do?’

She was nervous; there were signs even of distress in her manner, and
she could not look at him.

‘Ay, your father will do,’ he answered earnestly, ‘if you say that I
may tell him we have agreed about it.’

‘About what?—No, no, no; you must not tell him that. We are not agreed.
We never will agree about _that_.’

She was frightened, dropped the basket, and would have run away, but he
had caught her hand. He was pale, and although his heart was hammering
at his chest, he was outwardly calm.

‘Don’t say never, Pansy,’ he pleaded in a low voice; and she was
touched by the gentleness of it, which contrasted so strangely with
the manner of the loud-voiced orator when speaking to a crowd on the
village green. ‘I’ve scared you by coming too sudden upon you. But
you’ll think about it, and you’ll give me the right word some other
time.’

‘There is no need to think about it—I cannot think about it,’ she
answered with tears of mingled vexation and regret in her eyes.

‘But you’ll come to think about it after a bit, and I’ll wait—I’ll wait
until you come to it.’

‘I never will—I never can.’

‘You’re vexed with me for being so rough in my way of asking you. I
couldn’t help that, Pansy: but I’ll be patient, and I’ll wait till you
come round to it or ... until you say that you can’t do it because your
head is too full of somebody else.’

Pale and earnest, his lips trembled as these last words passed them.
She uttered a half-stifled ‘Oh!’ and ran into the cottage. He stood
in the bright sunlight looking after her, and the gloom fell upon his
face again. There was something in that cry which seemed to tell him
that her head was already too full of somebody else for him to find the
place he yearned to hold in her thoughts. He knew the somebody.

(_To be continued._)




THE CHARR OF WINDERMERE.


The confined localisation of this delicate fish renders its natural
history somewhat difficult to ascertain. As little, or even less,
is known of its proceedings during a great portion of the year
as of the salmon itself during its sojourn in the sea. There are
several varieties of the charr in the Lake district of Cumberland,
Westmoreland, and Lancashire; but undoubtedly they are merely the same
fish changed by circumstances and general surroundings; just as the
common trout varies in appearance, size, and condition according to the
nature of the water in which it is found and the food obtained there.
Charr are found in many of the Scotch and Irish lochs; whilst in the
English Lake district they are more or less plentiful in Windermere,
Coniston, Buttermere, Hawes-water, Ennerdale, Crummock-water,
Goats-water, and one or two other tarns or meres. In the first-named
lake it is by far the most numerous; and Coniston holds a good supply,
though Sir Humphry Davy, writing thirty years ago, says: ‘The charr
is now scarce in Coniston, and quite extinct in Ullswater.’ Now it is
occasionally found in the latter; whilst in the former it is plentiful,
and, with a comparative discontinuance of the working of the lead
mines, the wash from which polluted the water, is increasing. Large
quantities of very fine fish were taken during last year. It is similar
pollution which has destroyed the fish in Ullswater. For this beautiful
lake, let us hope for a return of the olden times, when charr and trout
and skellies ‘peopled’ its waters, over which the kite and golden eagle
often flew, and down whose slopes the red-deer from Martindale fells
may even now find its way to quaff a morning’s draught. As regards
edible qualities, the Windermere and Coniston charr are the best; those
of Hawes-water and Goats-water being smaller and of inferior quality.

Local history tells us that the love of a dainty dish induced the
monks of Furness to stock Windermere with charr, which were obtained
from some lake in the neighbourhood of the Alps; hence the fish is
still known as _Salmo alpinus_; but the correct nomenclature is _Salmo
umbla_. The same history or tradition tells us that this fish was
placed there only about two centuries ago. Against this, a manuscript
has recently been discovered, bearing date 1535, to the effect that a
certain Jacques Tallour was permitted ‘to catch and tol the fayre fish
charr in Wynandermer, and also his son Gerald.’ There is no reason to
doubt that the charr is as likely to be indigenous to some of our lakes
as our ordinary trout. During a considerable portion of the year, the
charr frequent the deepest parts of the lake, feeding upon and finding
nourishment in the minute crustaceans and larvæ found in such places.
In this respect the nature of this fish is actually the reverse of
that of the trout, which delights in the shallows, and feeds on the
flies and moths hatched on the gravel-beds and elsewhere. Nature would
doubtless ‘people’ Windermere, Coniston, and other lakes with that fish
which could best live in its deepest parts, and this fish is the charr.
Probably, specimens were removed from here to smaller sheets of water,
in some of which, however, it fails to thrive, though breeding and
increasing in numbers. There is a vast difference in appearance between
the charr of Windermere and the charr of Hawes-water: the latter thin
and flabby; the former elegantly shaped, and more graceful in outline
than the trout, not so fat and podgy as many of our spotted beauties
are; a general and a uniform shade of pinkness appears, as it were, to
shine through the skin; in some specimens, as it approaches the belly,
this hue becomes a deep red; hence the ‘red-bellied charr.’ It has, of
course, other distinctive differences, as in the shape of gill covers,
number of fin rays, &c., which have often been described.

Unfortunately, our charr is mostly a bottom or mid-water feeder,
and cannot take high rank as a sporting fish; but on the table it
excels. In size it varies from a pound in weight downwards, though
larger specimens have often been caught. The usual size is about
three fish to the pound of sixteen ounces; though in Hawes-water and
Goats-water, about eight to the pound is considered the usual run. In
both these tarns the charr rises pretty freely at the fly, indicating
an insufficiency of food below the surface; and it is this bottom-food
which gives to them the excellent condition and flavour they attain in
the deeper and larger lakes. The same may be said of the gillaroos,
found in some of the Irish lochs.

It is surprising that more attention has not been given to the
artificial rearing of charr. Some years ago, the Windermere Angling
Association hatched and turned into that lake some thousands of the
young fish; but the earliest note we have of their artificial rearing
was by Dr Davy, then living at Lesketh How, Ambleside. This took place
about thirty years ago, and was done in the most rough-and-ready
fashion. Still the infant fish were produced from the milt-impregnated
ova; and a few days after hatching, and with the ‘sac’ still in
attachment, the delicate ‘infants’ were transferred to Easedale tarn.
Too young to defend themselves, the fry no doubt perished. Yarrell
says that in the autumn of 1839, several charr, of some half-pound
weight each, were placed in Lily Mere, not far from Sedbergh. Twelve
months later, two of these fish, when retaken, were said to have been
two pound-weight each! They were served at the Queen-dowager’s table
at Kirkby-Lonsdale. These reputed large charr were no doubt trout, for
which the mere in question was famous. A few years since, charr were
placed in Potter Fell tarn, which is connected with the river Kent
(Westmoreland) by a small runner. One of these charr was caught with
fly in the river itself, some miles from the tarn. It had increased
in size from about four to some seven ounces in the space of twelve
months. It was kept alive, and in due course returned to the Potter
Fell. This is evidence that charr may live in a stream, and in the
absence of suitable bottom-food, adopt the habits of the trout, and
rise to the fly. On this account, they are worth cultivation; and
their delicacy and fine flavour make them more valuable than the best
trout—a fact which should be an inducement to their propagation. Potted
charr is considered amongst the greatest fish-dainties that can be set
before the gourmet.

The charr is usually taken in nets, though often caught with artificial
baits, trolled at varying depths, after the style of the paternoster
used in perch-fishing. Commencing at the beginning of March, the
fishermen know the water the charr frequent, and soon find at what
depth they lie in shoals or schools. As the season becomes warmer, the
charr approach nearer the surface; and in genial weather, towards the
end of May or beginning of June, are at times seen basking near the
surface of the lake; not feeding, but ‘bobbing’ their noses out of
the water, causing rises or bubbles, which in calm weather are easily
discerned by the fishermen. If possible, the shoal is surrounded by
a net or nets, and a rare capture ensues. Upwards of one hundred and
eighty pound-weight of charr has thus been taken at one haul; and when
one considers they are worth wholesale from sixteen to eighteen pence
per pound, the employment cannot fail to be a lucrative one. We cannot,
however, commend the practice of netting, which is not sport, but
wholesale destruction.




SILAS MONK.

A TALE OF LONDON OLD CITY.


IN FOUR CHAPTERS.—CONCLUSION.

The streets in the old city are dark and deserted as the detective
and Walter Tiltcroft hasten through them towards Crutched Friars. The
street-lamps cast limited spaces of light upon the fronts of lofty
warehouses and counting-houses, leaving limitless spaces of shadow
about and above. The windows of these mansions have the blankness of
blind eyes; the great, black, massive office-doors are firmly closed;
and the greater doors of the warehouses are fastened with huge padlocks
and chains, like prisons, or places with dead secrets made safe in the
custody of night. Not a word is spoken. The two men, earnestly bent on
their search, walk along with the echoes of their footsteps sounding
loudly in their ears; while the tap on the pavement of Fenwick’s stick
falls with a musical ring, as though it were gifted with the power,
like a magic wand, of chasing the echoes away. When they presently
stop at the entrance to the counting-house of Armytage and Company,
the detective produces a latchkey, opens the door, and leads the way
into the house. As soon as Walter has entered and the door is closed
behind him, Fenwick draws forth a dark-lantern, which he flashes
unceremoniously in the young clerk’s face. ‘I call this light,’ says
Fenwick, ‘my eye.’

Walter stares at it, and blinks.

‘It has peered into and pierced through many a dark deed.—Catch hold!’

Walter, with trembling expectation, takes the lantern.

‘Throw the light upon the keyhole!’ cries Fenwick. ‘I will open the
door.’ He rattles, as he speaks, a bunch of keys.

‘Which keyhole first?’ Walter asks.

‘The strong-room.’

Walter shows the way. They pass through the clerks’ office and reach
the iron-bound door of the strong-room. The keyhole is rusty with age;
and when Fenwick stoops and applies the key, there is a grating sound
inside the lock like the grinding of teeth. As soon as the door is
thrown open, Walter, with quick-beating heart, flings the light forward
into the room; that strange fancy coming over him that his eyes will
encounter the ghostly form of the old miser, as he had imagined him
that afternoon, wrapped in the white shroud, dancing round his heap of
gold. But finding nothing except dark walls, he boldly steps in. The
high stool beside the old desk, where he has so often seen Silas Monk
sitting and poring over large ledgers, is vacant, and the ledgers are
lying about on the desk, closed.

‘Now,’ says Fenwick, ‘give me the lantern.’

Walter complies, and the detective flashes the light about from ceiling
to floor. Suddenly the two men are startled by a stifled cry. Fenwick
casts his lantern angrily upon Walter’s face, as though he suspects him
of having uttered it. The clerk’s eyes are terror-stricken, and his
face deadly pale.

‘What’s that?’ asks the detective.

Walter clutches at Fenwick’s wrist. ‘It is the cry which I heard this
afternoon.’

‘What do you mean?’

The light of the lantern is still on Walter’s face as he answers: ‘I
was seated at my desk. The cry came from this room; but I thought it
was a fancy. At that moment Mr Armytage sent for me, and I was afraid,
if I mentioned it, that the clerks would laugh at me.’

‘Why?’ asks Fenwick, with surprise. ‘Do you believe in ghosts?’

‘N—no,’ says Walter with some hesitation. ‘But that cry did seem rather
ghostly too.’

‘Nonsense! It is Silas Monk.’

‘But it sounded,’ continued Walter, ‘as though it were in this room.’

‘That’s true.’

‘Then it must be his ghost; for there is no living being here except
ourselves.’

Fenwick again flashes the light from ceiling to floor, as though to
make sure of this. Then he says: ‘Kneel down, my lad. Place your ear to
the ground, and listen.’

Walter quickly obeys; and for some minutes a dead silence reigns in
the strong-room. The beating of his heart is all that Tiltcroft hears;
and all that he is otherwise conscious of is that Fenwick’s ‘eye’ is
watching the side of his face uppermost on the floor as he lies there
listening. Their patience is presently rewarded. Their ears are filled
with another cry, pitiable and more prolonged.

Walter springs to his feet. ‘It is there!’ he cries.

‘Below?’

‘Yes; directly beneath our feet.’

The detective begins to examine the flooring. Inch by inch the ‘eye’
wanders over the ground. An antique threadbare drugget is moved on
one side; packets of papers, ledgers, and lumber are shifted from one
corner to another. At last Fenwick lights upon a circular hole about
the size of a crown-piece, scarcely an inch deep. ‘Ah!’ cries he, ‘now
we are on the track.’ He takes from his pocket a penknife, scoops
about, and turns up a ring attached to the floor. He puts his large
muscular thumb into this ring, and gives a jerk. A patch three or four
feet square in the boarding is detached. ‘A trap-door!’ cries Fenwick.
‘Stand clear.’

So it proves—a trap-door, which the detective quickly raises, revealing
pitch-darkness in the opening.

‘Go below,’ says Fenwick; ‘I’ll follow.’

Walter looks down, hesitating. But when the light is thrown that way,
and he observes that there are steps leading into the obscurity, he
takes the lead. The descent seems endless; for he moves slowly, as
Fenwick, coming after him, throws the light upon him. Walter hears
the hard breathing of the detective, and it sounds so strange in the
stillness that he holds his own breath to listen. Suddenly the light
from the lantern falls upon something which glitters on the ground on
all sides.

‘Gold!’ cries Walter. His feet touch the ground. He stoops and picks up
a handful of sovereigns. ‘The place is a vault, and it is paved with
gold.—What’s that?’ He points to something in one corner like a human
form.

The detective steps forward and bends down, throwing the light upon
a ghastly wrinkled face. The small eyes glitter like the gold, as
though they had caught the reflection, and the long lean fingers are
clutching sovereigns and raking them up. Fenwick touches the miser on
the shoulder. ‘What is all this?’ asks he. ‘Have you lost your senses?’

The old man utters a cry of distress which has in it a ring of madness.

‘Speak to him, my lad,’ says Fenwick. ‘He will perhaps recognise your
voice.’

Walter kneels and takes the old miser’s hand. ‘Mr Monk,’ says he, ‘do
you know me? I am Walter Tiltcroft, your friend.’

Silas Monk looks up, bursts into a wild fit of laughter, and then falls
back senseless.

The detective lifts the old man in his strong arms as though handling
a child. ‘Ascend the ladder!’ cries he quickly to Walter, ‘and show a
light; not a moment must be lost in getting the old man home.’

       *       *       *       *       *

Silas Monk was taken back to his tumble-down dwelling in the
dismal row, and was tended with all possible care by his devoted
grand-daughter. His recovery to a certain point was rapid. But the
mental condition was curiously impaired. His brain had lost its force;
no recollection of the past survived. His memory seemed to have fled
into darkness, and to be resting there and sleeping—a darkness into
which it was safer not to admit a single ray of light. This was the
bitter irony displayed by nature when granting to this old miser a
further extension to his lease of life. For time out of mind, Silas
Monk had been governed by a master-passion—his only thought that of
hoarding gold. The glitter, like sunlight, had pierced his cold heart,
and had helped to keep it beating; and it would almost seem as though
the warmth which this gold had driven into his veins still lingered
there, and helped to sustain vitality, even when the memory which had
given birth to all this agitation was dead.

It had been thought advisable by those who study the mysterious
workings of the mind, that gold should be concealed from the sight of
Silas Monk, and, if possible, even the sound of it, in order that his
memory might rest dormant and his life be prolonged.

One evening the old man was seated in his armchair before the fire,
with closed eyes. Rachel sat on a low stool at his feet, holding his
hand. On the other side of the hearth was Walter Tiltcroft.

‘Walter,’ said the girl in a low voice, ‘you hardly know how happy I
am, now that grandfather can give me all his love. He thinks no more
about his’——She stopped, and looked up at her grandfather’s face,
frightened that even the mention of gold should reach his ears.

‘Ah!’ cried Walter with a sigh, ‘how many are there, I wonder, in this
old city whose minds would be less disturbed if that precious word was
forbidden to be uttered in their presence? Does not your grandfather
already look less pale and haggard than he did a few weeks ago?’

‘Indeed, he does,’ replied Rachel. ‘He remembers both of us when we are
near him. He seems to need nothing now except our affection.’

Walter took the girl’s disengaged hand and said: ‘Rachel! Let me be
near you and him. Why should we not be one, and watch over grandfather
together?’

At the young man’s words, a look of rapture crossed the girl’s face.
‘Dear Walter,’ cried she, ‘that is all I wish for in this world!’
She spoke like a true and tender woman—from her heart. Seated there
by that homely fireside, with the only two beings who were dear to
her, she never thought, or cared to think, that all the gold which
Walter Tiltcroft and the detective had found in the vault below the
strong-room in Crutched Friars would one day belong to her—that, when
her grandfather died, she would be a great heiress—worth, indeed, some
thousands of pounds. All she thought of, with that look of rapture in
her face, was that she had gained Walter Tiltcroft’s love.

       *       *       *       *       *

Meanwhile, Joe Grimrood having been accused of the robbery in Crutched
Friars, was tried, and convicted. Thereupon, he made a full confession.
For some days before committing the theft, he had watched Silas Monk
from the scaffolding, after the rest of the workmen had gone. Through
a chink in the old shutter he had observed every movement of the old
miser. He had seen Silas Monk raise the trap-door which led into the
vault; he had seen him descend with his lantern, and bring up bag
after bag of gold, and pour it out on the desk before him. Watching
in Crutched Friars, after having been shown to the door by Walter
Tiltcroft, he had seen the young clerk leave the premises. Re-entering
the house by means of a key which he had taken the precaution to
forge, he had gone straight to the strong-room, where he had met
with unexpected resistance. Silas Monk had displayed, according to
Grimrood’s statement, almost supernatural strength; defending his
gold as a tigress defends her young ones, with a savage leap at the
workman’s throat. When utterly exhausted, Grimrood had carried Silas
down into the vault and had closed the trap-door upon him. Then, having
placed all the gold with which the desk was covered, into the bags,
the burglar had decamped, making his way to the docks, and securing a
berth on board an emigrant ship which was on the point of departure for
the high seas.

Thus it happened that, but for the shrewdness and energy of the
detective, Joe Grimrood would have started on a voyage to Australia
with, as it appeared, nearly a thousand pounds in hard cash belonging
to Silas; and the old miser himself would in all probability have been
left to die in the vault under the strong-room in Crutched Friars,
and ‘the mystery of Silas Monk’ would have remained a mystery to the
present day.

All this occurred some years ago. Silas Monk is long dead; and Walter
Tiltcroft, who married the old miser’s grand-daughter, is now a
merchant-prince. He purchased, soon after the death of Mr Armytage, a
partnership in the great firm; and thus the gold which old Silas had
hoarded up in Crutched Friars proved the means, to a great extent, of
making Walter Tiltcroft’s fortune.




SOMETHING ABOUT THE HONEY-BEE.

BY A BEEKEEPER.


To ascertain the kind of flower, plant, or shrub which the honey-bee
mostly prefers, is worth care and consideration. Having been a keeper
of bees for some years, I think it may be useful to make known
the results of my experience and observations in Somersetshire,
Hertfordshire, and Middlesex.

I will suppose that I have purchased a new stock and hive, bar-frame
for preference, and caused it to be removed from the market-gardens
around Middlesex to a country town in Hertfordshire. My bees on arrival
examine their prospect, and what an estate-agent may call their
‘outlook,’ very minutely, going even over the walls and trees adjacent
to their own hive, and taking trial-trips of flight into the air,
straight up—very like the rising of a skylark from a field—and dropping
again almost as suddenly. Having to some extent, after a day or two,
mastered the topography of the district, they will, if on a warm day
in February, commence upon the crocuses, and work only upon them—not,
as some may suppose, dodge about irrespective of the kind of flower.
Although the casual spectator may see bees upon every description of
open flower upon one and the same day, yet they are winging their way
from different hives. Our bees have commenced on the crocus. The day
following this, they will try the common field dandelion; and the next,
the white arabis of the garden culture. Then the black-thorn; later
on, the currant and gooseberry blossoms, and the sweet ‘may’ of our
hedgerows; and of trees—lime, palm, chestnut come next.

The hive should face the south, and the alighting-board occupy as free
a space as possible. Water should be given, even during winter—inside,
if frost is severe.

Some beekeepers suppose that colour attracts the bee; others, that
they possess acutely the sense of smell; and much has been written on
the subject. But our readers are to suppose that we are keeping bees
between us, and that I am relating my own experiences, which point to
this—the preference of these intelligent insects for some plants over
others. I have tried to educate my bees, by inducing them on certain
days to gather from flowers presented to them in small bunches upon
the alighting-board of their hive. In two instances I succeeded. One
was with white clover, which I picked in a field a mile distant. This
appeared to cheer the bees greatly, and drove away their listlessness
and inactivity. After making an examination of my offering, they began
work in earnest; and this stimulant had the desired effect of inducing
an idle community to work well. The second experiment was much more
demonstrative. Early in the morning, before the workers came forth,
I placed by the alighting-board some bunches of alder-flower. I had
shortly the satisfaction of seeing the outgoing bees return with little
white trousers of pollen, and I watched their flight to an alder tree
at a corner of the garden, not far from their hive. This was conclusive.

Now for some descriptions of preference shown by bees. I have grown
garden-peas of various descriptions near my hives without inducing the
bees to notice them. Yet they will greedily gather from French beans or
scarlet runners the whole day, till long after sunset. In spring-time,
the yellow gorse on uncultivated spots forms a very strong attraction
for the honey-bees; yet they never touch the blossom of the laburnum,
which to ordinary mortals smells much the same. The cultivated hyacinth
they do not care about, although they gather from the wild sort in
the woods and shady groves. Bees show great preference for the pollen
of some sorts of lilies, yet are wholly indifferent to the lily of
the valley. They gather from the field-daisy, yet are careless of the
cultivated sort.

Stocks they prefer to pinks, and lavender to either; also the small
flower of the borage delights them; yet wild foxglove possesses little
charm. I have heard that bees like monkshood, and will gather from it,
but I have never seen them do so. If they did, their honey would be
poisonous. Bees are passionately fond of clover and certain vetches,
and they will desert any garden flowers for such natural feeding.
Wild thyme and heather, which improve the flavour of the honey, bees
perfectly revel in. Garden primroses, they do not care much for; and
auriculas, however gaudy in colour, form no kind of attraction. The
polyanthus they have a languid liking for. I have seen the wild-bees
attack the cowslip; but not the honey-bee of our hives. I saw a bee
once upon a cultivated rose; it was only resting. I have likewise a
distinct remembrance of seeing many upon the wild-rose and dog-rose,
wild clematis, honeysuckle, and blackberry blossom.

The situation of our hive cannot always be in such a flowery land; and
the beekeeper will do well to study the different flora and trees in
the immediate neighbourhood of his hive, and endeavour to supply any
deficiencies of pollen-bearing plants, as well as to give a gentle
hint to the inhabitants of his hives of any honey-bearing plant from
which he especially wants them to gather. Of course, in wild heather
districts, there is no need to resort to planting or sowing for the
bees; they will in such places always take care of themselves. In
Somersetshire, bees find honey from the many miles of apple-orchard
stretching away to the mild county of Devon; and farmers well know that
a good bee season, with a warm and early spring, means a plentiful
show of fruit in the autumn for cider. In and around Middlesex, there
are market and fruit gardens; and in Hertfordshire, grazing and clover
lands, besides hedges lined with limes and hawthorn, and later on,
honeysuckle.

It is always a good plan to send late swarms of the hive into
heather-bearing counties; for the bees being young, and having every
inducement to work for the approaching winter, will store better than
hives which have been ‘swarmed’ and deprived of honey, the colonies
of which are worn or fatigued with the long-continued gathering of a
summer in more southern counties. It must likewise be remembered that
bees cannot gather, or rather will not do so, late in the autumn, when
the cold prevents them sealing over with wax the top of the cell.

And now, a last word as to the preference of our bees for certain
flowers over others, which we would imagine, with our limited powers
of the sense of smell and taste, would be preferred by these insects,
and for which we have the greater amount of regard. I have seen, upon
the approach of a bee to any flower, that it flies around the calyx
almost always before alighting upon the flower itself. This is a
cursory examination; and with its antennæ outstretched and quivering,
it is evidently scenting the honey contained within. Should this prove
a fruitful flower and of the flavour required, the bee settles on
the centre of the stamen, and clutching it with its four front-legs,
steadies itself with its longer outstretched two hindermost ones, and
withdraws the nectar by its proboscis, the rings of the body assuming
a vibratory motion the while. The bee’s proboscis is a most important
instrument. It is composed of forty cartilaginous rings, each of which
is fringed with minute hairs, having also a small tuft of hair at its
extremity, where it is somewhat serrated. Its movement is like the
trunk of an elephant, and is susceptible of extension and contraction,
bending and twisting in all directions. Thus, by rolling it about,
it searches out the calyx, pistil, and stamen of every flower, and
deposits its nectar upon the tongue, whence it passes into the gullet
at the base. The gullet or first stomach is the honey-bag. No digestion
takes place here. In shape, it is like an oil-flask, and when full,
contains about one grain. It is susceptible of contraction, and is so
arranged as to enable the insect to disgorge its contents into the
cells of the hive. A short passage leads to the ventricle or true
stomach, which is somewhat larger. This receives the food from the
honey-bag, for the nourishment of the bee and the secretion of wax.
Dzierzon says that the honey which a bee can take into her stomach will
enable her to subsist for a week under some circumstances, while under
others she will die of hunger within twenty-four hours. This opinion
of Dzierzon settles my conviction, that in the selection of the kind of
food which will enable the bee to live longest, the true guide is to be
found in the flowers for which it has the strongest preference.




BOOK GOSSIP.


The Norman Conquest is one of the great outstanding and predominating
facts in English history. It occasioned a sudden break in the life of
the English people, and its influence is felt in their character and
institutions even to the present day. A hundred and fifty years before
that event, the long black ships of the Norse pirates entered the wide
mouths of the Seine and the Loire, and their crews, the rudest of the
rough barbarians of Denmark and Norway, sacked the towns and pillaged
the churches of the country which was afterwards to be called by their
name. They had no science, no arts, no culture. Their physical strength
was their glory; and their weapons of war, their defence at home,
served also as their passport into the lands of the stranger whom they
plundered and slew. But they had a remarkable power of adaptation.
However foreign to them the environment into which their hardy courage
had brought them, they did not long remain untouched by it. Without
losing their own native hardihood and fearlessness, they quickly
absorbed into them the spirit of the peoples and institutions among
which they had taken root; and before a century had passed over their
heads in France, they had already become one of the great political
forces of Europe. It was this people, brave, warlike, and with strong
practical sagacity, who landed on the English shores in 1066, and
shattered the Saxon arms on the slopes of Senlac. The battle at ‘the
hoar apple tree,’ where Harold lay dead with the Norman arrow deep in
his brain, marks the beginning of a new epoch in England.

The history of that great event, with its antecedents and consequents,
has rarely been better told than it is by Mr Wm. Hunt, in the new
volume of the ‘Early Britain Series,’ entitled _The Norman Conquest_
(London: Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge). As compared with
the work of Freeman, this is in bulk but a small book; yet it contains
within it all that thousands of readers would desire to know of the
history of the Conquest. The author is extremely well-informed on his
subject, and his scholarly little book gives evidence not only of
original research but of much original thought. The pictures he draws
for us of the England that preceded the Conquest, and of the England
that followed it, are sketched with a fullness and beauty of detail
which amply exhibit the capacity and preparedness of the author for
the task which he undertook, and which he has executed so well. His
extensive reading has enabled him to take advantage of the results
obtained by all the best and more recent investigators in this section
of European history; and the Northmen both before and after their
descent on France, as well as the Saxon tribes and Danish hordes that
scoured our coasts centuries before, are portrayed with a quick and
living touch. Still more interesting is the story of the Normans after
their taking possession of England; and the strange manner in which
the Saxon head eventually conquered the Norman hand—the Saxon language
and institutions arising in more than their original vitality and force
out of the ashes, as it were, of a temporary death—is here narrated
with admirable clearness and coherency. The book is one of the best of
the very valuable series to which it belongs.

⁂

The same publishing house issues another learned little volume on
_Anglo-Saxon Literature_, by Mr John Earle, Rawlinson Professor of
Anglo-Saxon in the University of Oxford. It belongs to the series
bearing upon ‘The Dawn of European Literature,’ and is rich with
the results of the best modern scholarship on the early history and
growth of our language. The time when Latin and Greek formed the
chief essentials of learning is fast receding into the past, and
these languages are having a place assigned them more consistent
with the necessities of the modern world, which is not tolerant of
the acquisition of a kind of knowledge that in great part is archaic
and useless. Under the influence of this change, our own language is
rising into an importance which it could never attain so long as it
was regarded simply as a vulgar tongue, and the historical study of
English is becoming one of the most popular as well as one of the most
useful pursuits of our philologists. The great English Dictionary of
the Philological Society is only one evidence of this; for individual
scholars, during the last twenty years, have done not a little to lay
bare to us the inner structure of our language, and the changes and
modifications to which it has been subjected in the course of its long
descent.

In the little work under review, Mr Earle states that Anglo-Saxon
literature is the oldest of the vernacular literatures of modern
Europe. The materials of this early literature are found chiefly in
written books and documents; but they are found also in such subsidiary
sources as inscriptions on churches and church towers, sun-dials,
crosses, and even on jewellery. One of the most remarkable in this last
category is what is known as the Alfred Jewel. It was discovered in
Newton Park, near Athelney, in 1693, and in 1718 had found its way to
the Ashmolean Museum in Oxford, where it still is. It consists of an
enamelled figure enshrined in a golden frame, with a golden back to it,
and with a thick piece of rock-crystal in front, to serve as a glass to
the picture. Around the sloping rim the following legend is wrought in
the fabric: ÆLFRED MEC HEHT GEWYRCEAN (‘Alfred me commanded to make’).
‘The language of the legend,’ says the author, ‘agrees perfectly with
the age of King Alfred, and it seems to be the unhesitating opinion
of all those who have investigated the subject that it was a personal
ornament of the great West-Saxon king.’ Mr Earle traces the language
from the Heathen Period—that is, from the time previous to the English
conversion to Christianity, about 597 A.D.—down to the times that
immediately succeeded upon the Norman Conquest, and gives examples
of the language during these six centuries, with translations of the
various passages adduced. All who have an interest in the study of the
English tongue, and of the changes superinduced upon it by contact
with other European vernaculars, will find Mr Earle’s volume a ready
and efficient guide.




THE MONTH:

SCIENCE AND ARTS.


Projects for cutting waterways across isthmuses follow one another with
such amazing swiftness, and the project is in most cases so quickly
followed by realisation, that it would appear that before many years
have passed, all the available peninsulas of the world will have been
operated upon and transformed into islands. Our French neighbours
are at present discussing the feasibility of a gigantic undertaking
of this nature, which, if carried out, will unite the Bay of Biscay
with the Mediterranean. This projected canal, which is to be of such
dimensions that the largest ships afloat can make use of it, is to have
one entrance near Bordeaux, and the other at Narbonne. This short-cut
across France will obviate the necessity of the tedious voyage round
Spain and through the Straits of Gibraltar, and will undoubtedly be a
boon to shipping, and especially to British vessels; but the scheme is
at present only on paper. It remains to be seen whether the undertaking
is possible; by which is meant, in these days of engineering marvels,
whether it will pay.

Like most other canal projects, this one is by no means new; indeed, a
canal already exists almost along the same line of route—namely, the
Canal du Midi, which finds an outlet at Cette in the Gulf of Lions, and
joins the river Garonne at its other extremity at Toulouse; the entire
navigable distance from Bordeaux to Cette being three hundred and
thirty-two miles. The existing canal only accommodates small vessels,
and the entire journey is by no means a rapid one, for there are more
than a hundred locks to be encountered, which gradually raise the boats
to a level of nearly eight hundred feet above the sea. Whether the
engineers of the new undertaking propose any novel means of battling
with this difficulty of level, we do not know; but it will be readily
seen that the undertaking has not the simplicity of a simple cutting,
such as the Suez Canal presents. Another formidable obstacle to the
work is the presence of certain rivers which flow right across the
track. In the present case, these are crossed by aqueducts. But what
would be the size and cost of aqueducts which would give passage to the
floating palaces which have taken the place of the small vessels of
days gone by?

Coming nearer home, a project has been mooted for cutting a channel
from the river Tyne to the Solway; and another across the low land
which separates the Forth from the Clyde. It is true that in the latter
case a narrow passage already exists; but what is required is—according
to the opinion of a former President of the Liverpool Chamber of
Commerce, who writes to the _Times_ upon the subject—a channel which
will allow the passage of our largest merchantmen and ships of war,
so that in case of need the efficiency of our naval defences may be
practically doubled. In case of war, the advantages of quick transport
of our ships from one coast to the other is obvious, and may in a
manner be compared to the undoubted advantages which we reap from being
able to convey information quickly from place to place by telegraphic
agency.

Some very interesting Roman relics have recently been unearthed in the
bed of the river Rhone at Geneva, where some engineering works are in
progress. The most interesting of these is a Roman altar furnished
with an inscription to the effect that the writer, a certain soldier
of the twenty-second legion, who had been shipwrecked in the waters
hard by, had raised this altar to the god of the waves, Neptune, as a
thank-offering for his escape from death. We have also to record a far
more valuable find near Rome itself—at Subiaco, where several priceless
statues supposed to have been sent by the Emperor Nero to that place
for the decoration of his villa there, have been dug up. In Britain
too, a Roman villa has just been laid bare at Woolstone, Berkshire,
where, in addition to many tesselated pavements, several graves of
the Anglo-Saxon period have been found. In London, our knowledge of
the Roman city which lies beneath the busy metropolitan streets has
been much enriched by numerous discoveries made during the recent
excavations for the completion of the Underground Railway. There is
little doubt that interest in things antiquarian is rapidly increasing
on all sides. This is not only apparent from the attention which every
fresh discovery receives, but is indicated in a most satisfactory
manner by the circumstance that the University of Cambridge has given
archæology a recognised position among the subjects for the classical
tripos examination, and has just opened a Museum which will give an
impetus to studies of the kind.

Although interest in matters archæological shows a healthy increase,
we have to regret a decrease of interest in another important branch
of knowledge. The Royal Geographical Society, which has just held
its anniversary meeting, has had to deplore, by the mouth of its
President, Lord Aberdare, that the Council have failed in their attempt
to introduce the efficient study of geography into the curriculum of
our great public schools, such as Eton and Harrow. Prizes have been
offered; but there were few who cared to compete for them. This seems a
very extraordinary state of things in a country which is always proudly
pointing to its possessions as being so large that the sun must always
shine upon some part or other of them. But the fault probably lies with
the teachers more than with the pupils. The members of the Geographical
Society evidently understand this, for they are now about to institute
an inquiry into the systems adopted for geographical instruction in
continental schools, from which, if all reports speak truly, we may
well take a lesson.

Professor Monier Williams’s recent lecture on India, delivered
before the University of Oxford, was full of interesting particulars
relating to the great progress in every way which that vast country
had experienced under British rule. But perhaps the most interesting
portion of his remarks was that relating to the new route to India
which will probably be opened, and which it is expected will lead
to great development of intercourse between our Eastern and Western
possessions. This route will consist of a journey from London to
Odessa; thence by steamer across the Black Sea to Batoum; then by
Russian railway—a thirty-six hours’ journey—to Baku on the Caspian;
and a day’s voyage across the Caspian to Michaelovsk. At this latter
place is the terminus of the Central Asian Railway, which some months
ago was complete for one hundred and forty-four miles, and which will
eventually land the traveller at the gate of India—Herat. The journey
from Calais to our Indian frontier will be possible in nine days, so
long at least as we remain friends with Russia. Professor Williams
considers that we shall be bound to extend our railway from its present
limit at Quetta, through Candahar, so as to meet the Russians at Herat.
He thinks that we can meet them there as friends rather than enemies;
and all will agree in trusting that his words may come true.

During the past year, the progress made by the British Ordnance Survey
has been greater than in any previous period, an area of more than two
and a half million acres having been mapped. It is expected that the
survey of the entire kingdom will be complete by the year 1888, and
that the publication of the maps will be finished two years later. A
largely increased staff of surveyors and draughtsmen has been engaged
to insure this acceleration in the work, and considerable time has been
spent in instructing their assistants in their duties. The maps are
reduced to the six-inch scale, and are reproduced by the zincographic
process. All particulars of the work are contained in a recently
published Blue-book.

The long-continued dispute as to the right of the telegraph department
to erect posts and wires over our crowded city streets has at last been
set at rest, and the Postmaster-general can, with certain restrictions,
do much as he likes about the matter. The Telephone Companies, who
are new-comers and have no statutory powers, have yet to fight the
question. We must for many reasons deplore the circumstance that
additions will still be made to the metallic spider-webs which cover so
many of our fine metropolitan streets. It has been suggested that the
lines could be made to follow the contour of the roads, and could be
hidden under eaves and behind coping-stones so as no longer to offend
the eye, or to present the risk of danger to life, which they now
undoubtedly do. This innovation would doubtless mean a great deal of
difficulty to telegraphic engineers, and would be naturally opposed by
them, for there is a sweet simplicity about a suspended wire; but the
gain to others would be great.

The International Health Exhibition, London, which follows so closely
upon the Fisheries Exhibition, and occupies the same spacious site,
bids fair to be a success, although it can hardly be expected to be
quite so popular with the multitude as its predecessor. Still, there
is much to attract the far larger part of the community who long for
amusement rather than instruction, and as the financial success of
the undertaking must be dependent upon such visitors, the caterers
cannot be blamed if they have admitted within their walls many exhibits
which, by the widest stretch of the imagination, can hardly be
associated with the subject of health. For more thoughtful visitors,
there are Conferences upon all manner of questions connected with
Domestic Sanitation, questions of which the majority of people are at
present profoundly ignorant. There will also be papers read upon the
subjects of Meat-supply; Food-adulteration and Analysis; School-diet;
School-life in Relation to Eyesight; Posture in Schools; Epidemics in
Schools; and numberless other matters of social interest. As these
Conferences are under the care of different Societies and Associations,
which exist only to increase our knowledge regarding the different
subjects indicated, and which have in most cases been at work for
many years, we may be sure that much good will accrue from these
discussions. Following the procedure of the Fisheries Exhibition, a
number of pamphlets will also be issued, dealing with the multifarious
sections of the Exhibition.

Although, as we have more than once pointed out, the general adoption
of the electric light for domestic purposes cannot be looked for in
the near future, it can easily be installed for special occasions.
An account has recently been published of a ball at a private house
in London where the rooms were illuminated during the evening by
one hundred and twenty incandescent lamps. These lamps were fed
by secondary batteries, which arrived in two vans, and which were
subsequently accommodated in an adjoining coach-house. The batteries
had been previously charged at a place ten miles distant. This use
for the light may possibly become common in cases where cost is not a
matter of first consideration.

Another phenomenal diamond has fallen to the lot of a fortunate digger
at the Kimberley mine, South Africa. Its weight is three hundred and
two carats; but, unfortunately, it does not possess that purity of
colour, or rather absence of colour, which is the first desideratum in
a diamond. Its value is said to be about three thousand pounds; whereas
the far smaller Porter-Rhodes gem, found in the same mine about three
years ago, was valued by its owner at one hundred thousand pounds. But
the popular notion is that the value of a thing is what it will fetch,
and there are certainly very few persons in the world who would lock up
such an enormous sum for the doubtful advantage of possessing such a
thing.

A document, which should be widely known, was recently issued by the
Board of Trade, in the form of a Report of the first year’s experience
of the Boiler Explosions’ Act of 1882. This Act, we may remind our
readers, provides that an inquiry should be held into the cause of
every boiler explosion, with a view to their prevention if possible.
The causes of the forty-five casualties of this description which were
inquired into, and which resulted in the loss of thirty-five lives
and injuries to as many more, were entirely preventable. One of the
assistant-secretaries to the Board goes so far as to say that ‘the
terms “inevitable accident” and “accident” are entirely inapplicable
to these explosions, and that the only accidental thing about many
of them is that the explosions should have been so long deferred.’
The prevailing cause of the disasters is the unsafe condition of
the boilers through age, corrosion, wasting, &c.; and a noticeable
feature in many cases is the absence of any effort on the part of the
steam-user to ascertain the condition of the boiler, and consequently
of any attempt to repair, renew, or replace defective plates or
fittings.

The authorities of Kew Observatory have undertaken a duty which will
be hailed with satisfaction by all watchmakers and watchowners in the
kingdom. They will undertake for a small fee to test the virtues of
any watch left in their care, and with every watch so tested, will
issue a statement of its going powers, under varied conditions of
position, temperature, &c. They will also award to watches of superior
excellence certificates of merit, which certificates will possess an
equal value with documents of the same nature which have for years
been granted by the Geneva and by the Yale College Observatories. The
Swiss and Americans have long enjoyed these facilities for obtaining
independent testimony as to the qualities of their watches, and it
is only surprising that a movement has not been made before in this
direction here at home; for English-made watches, in spite of foreign
competition, are still much sought after.

A new method of dealing with road-sweepings and the contents of
domestic dust-bins is now on its trial in New York, and seems to be
very successful. The rubbish is carted, to the extent of forty loads
a day, to a wonderful machine, which separates the paper, rag, iron,
glass, coal, and cinder into different heaps. These are afterwards
sold, with the exception of about four hundred pounds of coal and
cinder, which are used for firing the engine attached to the machine.
The remaining refuse—of no use to anybody, and too often, under
existing systems, a possible source of disease—is reduced by fire to
impalpable ash. It has been the custom in New York for many years to
carry their rubbish out to sea and to discharge it outside the harbour.
Pilots and others have long protested against this procedure, and
affirm that the approaches to the harbour’s mouth are gradually being
silted up by the accumulation of dirt thrown in. The experiment will be
watched with interest by all those who acknowledge the importance of
improved sanitation in our large towns and cities.

Moon’s Patent Quicksilver-wave Gold Amalgamator is the imposing title
of a clever machine which has been introduced to obviate the serious
loss of gold which is inseparable from previously existing methods of
treating the ore. From the discovery of gold in California in 1848
to the end of 1882, the value of the gold found there was nearly
two hundred and thirty-seven million pounds sterling. It is said on
competent authority that this vast amount is less than fifty per cent.
of the gold known to be in the ore treated, more than half the precious
metal escaping in particles so fine that the machines employed could
not intercept them. In this new machine, the crushed ore, mingled with
water, is thrown in small quantities into a moving wave of quicksilver,
and not merely across a quicksilvered plate, as under the old system.
The tiniest spangles of gold are by this means speedily absorbed by or
amalgamated with the liquid metal, the two being afterwards separated
by heat in the usual manner. In one mine where Mr Moon’s machine is in
use the increase of yield is estimated at forty pounds sterling per
week, so it would seem that the cost of the appliance is soon repaid
to its purchaser.

A very convenient combined seat and easel for the use of sketchers
has lately been brought under our notice. It packs into a very small
compass; it will hold a large picture; it fully justifies its name,
‘The Rigid,’ and actually weighs only four pounds. Its price is
moderate, and it is to be had of Messrs Reeves, London.

Referring to a recent article in this _Journal_ on ‘Some Queer Dishes,’
in which it was stated that the cuttle-fish is used for food in Japan
and elsewhere in the Pacific, a Portuguese correspondent writes to us
that in Portugal the cuttle-fish is used as an article of food. It is
opened, and then dried; and may be seen hanging up for sale in the
shops. The people, he remarks, consider it a delicacy; and it is, when
properly cooked, very rich and nourishing.




OCCASIONAL NOTES.


NEW POSTAL ORDERS.

The system of Postal Orders, instituted in 1881, has proved so
successful, that it has been found desirable to make certain
alterations and extensions therein, with a view to affording further
facilities to the public for the ready transmission of small sums of
money through the post. On the 2d of June, a new series of Postal
Orders were issued, the former series being entirely withdrawn. The new
Postal Orders are of fourteen different denominations, instead of ten,
as formerly; and the amounts of the various denominations, together
with the rates of poundage chargeable thereon, are as follows:

    _s._  _d._        _d._
     1     0           0½
     1     6           0½
     2     0           1
     2     6           1
     3     0           1
     3     6           1
     4     0           1
     4     6           1
     5     0           1
     7     6           1
    10     0           1
    10     6           1
    15     0           1½
    20     0           1½

There can be no doubt that these classes will prove extremely useful
to the public generally, more especially as any amount of shillings
and sixpences up to twenty shillings can be transmitted by means of
only two of the above-named classes of orders. A novel feature, too,
is introduced, whereby postage-stamps not exceeding fivepence in value
are to be allowed to be affixed to the back of any one Postal Order to
make up broken sums—a feature which, it needs not much of the spirit
of prophecy to anticipate, will extensively be taken advantage of. By
this useful concession, any sum up to a pound can now be sent through
the post by means of Postal Orders, and in no case are more than two
orders required to make up the exact desired amount. It will be noticed
that the former twelve shillings and sixpence and seventeen shillings
and sixpence orders are not included amongst the new denominations
of Postal Orders; but their abolition will cause no inconvenience,
as these two denominations were of all the orders of the old series
probably the least used; and where such amounts are desired to be sent
under the new series, they can be made up by using two orders, the
poundage on which will be no more than is now charged for each of
the denominations referred to—namely, twopence. In several cases, the
poundage has been reduced, a benefit that will probably be the best
appreciated of all. A ten shillings and ten shillings and sixpence
order now only costs one penny; and the orders for fifteen and twenty
shillings have been reduced to three-halfpence, instead of twopence,
as heretofore. Compared with the former money-order rates, the Postal
Order system is remarkably cheap, and on this score, will undoubtedly
commend itself more than ever to popular favour; and it is extremely
probable that for small sums the money-order system will in future be
very little if at all used. Indeed, the Postal Order system, with its
ready convenience and cheapness, seems likely to supersede all other
methods of transmitting sums of a pound and under.

The Act under which these changes have taken place also authorises the
issue of Postal Orders on board Her Majesty’s ships, a boon that the
seamen concerned will not be slow to appreciate. The system is also
to be extended to many of the colonies as opportunity occurs. It is
indeed now in operation in Malta and Gibraltar, where it has met with
much popularity, owing to the fact, no doubt, that the same rates are
charged on Postal Orders issued there as on Postal Orders issued in
this country. If we compare these rates with those charged on foreign
and colonial money orders, it can readily be imagined that the system
will be hailed with unmixed satisfaction by the colonies where it is
shortly to be instituted.


NEW METALLIC COMPOUND.

Delta-metal, a new metal said to be not unlikely to rival steel under
certain conditions, has, according to the _Hamburg Correspondent_, been
lately submitted to the Polytechnic Association in Berlin. Delta-metal
contains iron in addition to the ordinary constituents of brass. It
takes on an excellent polish, and is much less liable to rust than
either steel or iron. When wrought or rolled, it is harder than steel,
but not when cast only. It can be forged and soldered like iron, but
not welded. It melts at about one thousand seven hundred and fifty
degrees Fahrenheit; and at from one thousand three hundred to one
thousand five hundred degrees it is remarkably malleable, and in this
condition can admirably well be pressed or stamped. For founding, it is
also well suited. The price is somewhat higher than that of the better
kinds of brass. It should be found specially serviceable for objects
exposed to rust and requiring great hardness. At present—not to mention
other cases—the small steamers for the exploration of Central Africa
are being made of delta-metal.


HARBOUR OF REFUGE FOR EAST COAST OF SCOTLAND.

We have before alluded to the operations of the Committee appointed
by the Government to take evidence as to the most suitable place for
a harbour of refuge on the east coast of Scotland. The Report of the
investigators has now been published, with their final recommendations.
The towns and harbours of Wick, Fraserburgh, Peterhead, Aberdeen,
Arbroath, and Montrose, are severally reported upon, and the
advantages and disadvantages of each stated, with the result that the
reporters unanimously recommend Peterhead as the site of the proposed
harbour of refuge. That town is situated almost midway between the
great natural harbours of the Firth of Forth and Cromarty Firth, and
its bay is well adapted as a place of shelter. Its anchorage also is
excellent, the bottom of the bay being of mud with a sandy surface,
affording a good holding-ground. The harbour is to be constructed by
Scottish convict labour.


SUBTERRANEAN FISH.

A fact of much interest to students of natural history is vouched
for by Cavalier Moerath, a civil engineer, formerly of Rome, and now
visiting this country. This gentleman has devoted much labour and
attention to the improvement of water-supplies in Italy. In sinking for
water with one of Norton’s Abyssinian Tube Wells, he tapped a spring
from which was pumped a tiny living fish. This fish had passed into the
tube well through the ordinary perforations of about one-eighth of an
inch. Examination proved it to have no eyes, clearly indicating that
it belonged to an order intended to inhabit subterranean waters. The
occurrence was certified to by two other gentlemen who were present
when the fish was pumped up.

The site of the well is Fontano del Prato, near the old city of Cori,
between Rome and Naples, and the depth is about seventy feet. The soil
from which the fish came was fine sand. The strata passed through above
this sand were volcanic loose earth, clay and water, other volcanic
earth, rocks and sand, and clay. The temperature of the water was
low—about forty degrees Fahrenheit. The water was fresh. The fish, we
are informed, has been preserved in spirit, and is to be brought to
England, when it will probably be exhibited at the Health Exhibition in
London.


THE FASTEST PASSAGE ON RECORD.

This great feat has just been achieved by the Guion line steamer
_Oregon_, which left New York on the 26th of April last, and arrived
at Queenstown at 5.16 on Saturday morning the 3d of May, making the
trip in six days sixteen hours and fifty-seven minutes, which is the
fastest homeward trip yet recorded. This is the more remarkable from
the fact that she had to traverse over a hundred miles at least out of
her course to avoid the icebergs, those pests of the North Atlantic.
Passengers who embarked at New York on Saturday the 26th April were
landed at Liverpool on the evening of that day week. The _Oregon_ is
another of those naval masterpieces for which the industry and skill of
Scotland are so justly celebrated, and is considered one of the finest
steamers afloat. Her highest score of miles run in one day was four
hundred and thirty-six.


A CANINE ‘COLLECTOR.’

That dogs can be taught the performance of tricks or acts showing a
remarkable amount of sagacity and intelligence, no one will pretend to
doubt, for it is a fact patent to all. But that a dog could become a
‘collector,’ and a collector of money too, is at first sight somewhat
startling. Yet such is the fact. A splendid and thoroughbred Scotch
collie, known as ‘Help,’ has been actually trained as a collector of
money for charitable contributions, or subscriptions, for the ‘Orphan
Fund of the Amalgamated Society of Railway Servants.’ His tutor
has been one of the guards of the night-boat train on the London,
Brighton, and south-coast line. He is described as a dog not only of
great beauty, but of gentle and winning ways, possessing marvellous
intelligence and a generous disposition. In his capacity as collector
he has travelled over the greater part of England, always returning
home to the headquarters in the City Road, London, with the proceeds
of his charitable efforts. Last year, he is reported to have crossed
the Channel, having been taken over by the captain of the steamer
_Brittany_, and introduced by him to Her Majesty’s consul at Dieppe.
In this port he is stated to have collected about six pounds ten
shillings; and on returning home he seems to have made a rather
profitable stay at Newhaven, where he collected nearly seven pounds.
In February last it was reported in the newspapers that Help had been
killed at a level crossing at Middlesborough, in Yorkshire, where he
had been run over by an ‘express’ train. This, however, turns out to
have been a mistake. A handsome Scotch collie _was_ killed as stated,
and as he resembled Help very much, the story got about that the canine
‘collector’ had lost his life on the line. But Help is at this moment
actively following his charitable avocation, in which, we believe, he
excites more interest than ever. And long may he continue to carry
on his useful career of helping the fatherless and the afflicted.
It would be interesting to know the plan or system employed for the
dog’s operations; in other words, how it is done. The animal must, of
course, always be in charge of somebody, otherwise, when he had done a
fair day’s work in collecting money, there are numbers of unprincipled
people who would speedily ease the collie of his subscriptions, if they
did not take his life as well.




WILD-FLOWERS FROM ALLOWAY AND DOON.

BY ALEXANDER ANDERSON.


    No book to-night; but let me sit
    And watch the firelight change and flit,
    And let me think of other lays
    Than those that shake our modern days.
    Outside, the tread of passing feet
    Along the unsympathetic street
    Is naught to me; I sit and hear
    Far other music in my ear,
    That, keeping perfect time and tune,
    Whispers of Alloway and Doon.

    The scent of withered flowers has brought
    A fresher atmosphere of thought,
    In which I make a realm, and see
    A fairer world unfold to me;
    For grew they not upon that spot
    Of sacred soil that loses naught
    Of sanctity by all the years
    That come and pass like human fears?
    They grew beneath the light of June,
    And blossomed on the Banks of Doon;
    The waving woods are rich with green,
    And sweet the Doon flows on between;
    The winds tread light upon the grass,
    That shakes with joy to feel them pass;
    The sky, in its expanse of blue,
    Has but a single cloud or two;
    The lark, in raptures clear and long,
    Shakes out his little soul in song.
    But far above his notes, I hear
    Another song within my ear,
    Rich, soft, and sweet, and deep by turns—
    The quick, wild passion-throbs of Burns.

    Ah! were it not that he has flung
    A sunshine by the songs he sung
    On fields and woods of ‘Bonnie Doon,’
    These simple flowers had been a boon
    Less dear to me; but since they grew
    On sacred spots which once he knew,
    They breathe, though crushed and shorn of bloom,
    To-night within this lonely room,
    Such perfumes, that to me prolong
    The passionate sweetness of his song.
    The glory of an early death
    Was his; and the immortal wreath
    Was woven round brows that had not felt
    The furrows that are roughly dealt
    To age; nor had the heart grown cold
    With haunting fears that, taking hold,
    Cast shadows downward from their wing,
    Until we doubt the songs we sing.
    But his was lighter doom of pain,
    To pass in youth, and to remain
    For ever fair and fresh and young,
    Encircled by the youth he sung.

    And so to me these simple flowers
    Have sent through all my dreaming hours
    His songs again, which, when a boy,
    Made day and night a double joy.
    Nor did they sink and die away
    When manhood came with sterner day,
    But still, amid the jar and strife,
    The rush and clang of railway life,
    They rose up, and at all their words
    I felt my spirit’s inner chords
    Thrill with their old sweet touch, as now,
    Though middle manhood shades my brow;
    For though I hear the tread of feet
    Along the unsympathetic street,
    And all the city’s din to-night,
    My heart warms with that old delight,
    In which I sit and, dreaming, hear
    Singing to all the inner ear,
    Rich, clear, and soft, and sweet by turns,
    The deep, wild passion-throbs of Burns.

       *       *       *       *       *

The Conductor of CHAMBERS’S JOURNAL begs to direct the attention of
CONTRIBUTORS to the following notice:

_1st._ All communications should be addressed to the ‘Editor, 339
    High Street, Edinburgh.’

_2d._ For its return in case of ineligibility, postage-stamps
    should accompany every manuscript.

_3d._ MANUSCRIPTS should bear the author’s full _Christian_ name,
    Surname, and Address, legibly written; and should be written on
    white (not blue) paper, and on one side of the leaf only.

_4th._ Offerings of Verse should invariably be accompanied by a
    stamped and directed envelope.

_If the above rules are complied with, the Editor will do his best to
insure the safe return of ineligible papers._

       *       *       *       *       *

Printed and Published by W. & R. CHAMBERS, 47 Paternoster Row, LONDON,
and 339 High Street, EDINBURGH.

       *       *       *       *       *

_All Rights Reserved._

*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK CHAMBERS'S JOURNAL OF POPULAR
LITERATURE, SCIENCE, AND ART, FIFTH SERIES, NO. 26, VOL. I, JUNE 28,
1884 ***

Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the
United States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for an eBook, except by following
the terms of the trademark license, including paying royalties for use
of the Project Gutenberg trademark. If you do not charge anything for
copies of this eBook, complying with the trademark license is very
easy. You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose such as creation
of derivative works, reports, performances and research. Project
Gutenberg eBooks may be modified and printed and given away--you may
do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks not protected
by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the trademark
license, especially commercial redistribution.

START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg-tm License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the
person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph
1.E.8.

1.B. "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the
Foundation" or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg-tm work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country other than the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work
on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
  most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no
  restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it
  under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this
  eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the
  United States, you will have to check the laws of the country where
  you are located before using this eBook.

1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format
other than "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm website
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original "Plain
Vanilla ASCII" or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
provided that:

* You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
  the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
  you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
  to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has
  agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
  within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
  legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
  payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
  Section 4, "Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
  Literary Archive Foundation."

* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
  you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
  does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
  License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
  copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
  all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg-tm
  works.

* You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
  electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
  receipt of the work.

* You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
  distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the manager of
the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark. Contact the Foundation as set
forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg-tm collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS', WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at
www.gutenberg.org

Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non-profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's business office is located at 809 North 1500 West,
Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up
to date contact information can be found at the Foundation's website
and official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without
widespread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine-readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular
state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg web pages for current donation
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate

Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works

Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
distributed Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition.

Most people start at our website which has the main PG search
facility: www.gutenberg.org

This website includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.
